update event grouping doc (#9124)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/data-management-settings/event-grouping/index.mdx

## Default Error Grouping Algorithms

Each time default error grouping behavior is modified, Sentry releases it as a new version. As a result, modifications to the default behavior do not affect the grouping of existing issues.

When you create a Sentry project, the most recent version of the error grouping algorithm is automatically selected. This ensures that grouping behavior is consistent within a project.

To upgrade an existing project to a new error grouping algorithm version, navigate to **Settings > Projects > [project] > Issue Grouping > Upgrade Grouping**. After upgrading to a new error grouping algorithm, you will very likely see new groups being created.

All versions consider the `fingerprint` first, the `stack trace` next, then the `exception`, and then finally the `message`.

To see how an isssue was grouped, go to its **Issue Details** page and scroll down to "Event Grouping Information". There, you'll see if it was grouped by a fingerprint, stack trace, exception, or message.

### Grouping by Built-In Fingerprinting Rules

> Some kinds of errors, like chunk load errors and hydration errors, often have various different error types, values, or transaction messsages that may result in separate but similar issues. To better handle these cases, Sentry maintains a set of built-in fingerprinting rules to better group such errors.

Reviewer: maybe add links?
- chunk load errors - https://sentry.io/answers/chunk-load-errors-javascript/ 
- hydration errors - https://sentry.io/answers/hydration-error-nextjs/

Author: Good idea! Thanks!

> Some kinds of errors, like chunk load errors and hydration errors, often have various different error types, values, or transaction messsages that may result in separate but similar issues. To better handle these cases, Sentry maintains a set of built-in fingerprinting rules to better group such errors.

Author: ```suggestion
Some kinds of errors, like [chunk load errors](https://sentry.io/answers/chunk-load-errors-javascript/) and [hydration errors](https://sentry.io/answers/hydration-error-nextjs/), often have various different error types, values, or transaction messsages that may result in separate but similar issues. To better handle these cases, Sentry maintains a set of built-in fingerprinting rules to better group such errors.
```

Issues grouped by Sentry's built-in fingerprinting rules will list "Sentry Defined Fingerprint" in the "Event Grouping Information" at the bottom of the **Issue Details** page.

![event grouping information for a sentry defined fingerprint](sentry-defined-fingerprint.png)

> Built-in fingerprinting rules work the same as custom fingerprinting rules and are applied by default. If a custom fingerprinting rule defined by a user matches an event, the custom rule will always override the built-in ones.

Reviewer: IMO "override" isn't best word here, because custom ones would be applied firsts and it wouldn't even get to built-in ones. The way fingerprinting works is that it applies the _first_ rule that matches and that's it. 

```suggestion
Built-in fingerprinting rules work the same as custom fingerprinting rules and are applied by default. If an user defined custom fingerprinting rule matches an event, the custom rule will always take precedence over the built-in ones.
```
